I was about to report to you on Smooth Bank
No, nothing else.
I would like to ask whether you froze the assets of the Jiang family
You already know
That's right, I heard that the Jiang family doesn't enter you
Plus they don't have a project to force you to go out of business
I just froze their funds
Let them accelerate bankruptcy
Not to please me
Freeze their Jiang family's assets
Do you understand?
Understand
Ah, Aunt Liu
Why did you buy so many dishes?
My sister wants to make some soup for my father to replenish his body
Besides
Chen Huachan asked Guanghua Bank to freeze our money
We are also going to invite the president of Guanghua Bank to come over
I hope he can unblock the Zhang family's funds
Aunt Liu Xiaoli
The Jiang family is fortunate to have you
Ah!
Do we also want to do more for the Jiang family?
Oh, by the way, second sister
How about you try this red wine?
I have to go to the hospital for a while
Why don't you drink the wine first?
Oops, second sister
You have the most research on red wine
Taste if this is suitable for entertaining the president
Oh, what?
I've saved your life before
Could it be that you are still afraid that I will hurt you?
Xiaolin, what are you talking about?
How could I be afraid of you hurting me?
Yeah, might as well.
Kobayashi
How did this wine end up?